# Orientações importantes sobre o envio dos Assignments.

You checked that your notebook does not contain any calls to print. You did check this by using the browser's find command (ctrl-f under Windows) and searched for the string "print", and did not find it in your notebook anywhere.

You checked that your notebook does not use or set up to use anything related to plotting. In particular you do not have any import matplotlib statement or %matplotlib macro. You did check this by using the browser's find command (ctrl-f under Windows) and searched for the string "plot", and did not find it in your notebook anywhere.

You made sure you have no errors. You did check this by making sure your notebook calls all assigned functions and by uploading your notebook to Coursera lab and you ran it there via Kernel > Restart & Run All without getting an error. Your own computer does not count because it might have different library versions.

Finally, and this is a tricky one, you made sure that every markdown cell is indeed of type markdown, and every code cell is indeed type code. You did check this by going to every single cell and clicking into it, and visually checking that the cell type (see top of notebook) is what it should be. In particular you do not have any cell of type Raw NBConvert (such cells might run on the lab or your computer, but they will not run under the autograder).

You do not have any shell commands such as ! head (such cells might run on the lab or your computer, but they will not run under the autograder).

You are not trying to read any file from the readonly folder, the autograder does not have such a folder. If you are reading from the readonly folder, then remove readonly/ from the file names. This unfortunately is an error in several distribued assignment notebooks (not your fault, and nothing we mentors can do about it, there are several pinned threads on that issue). Note that if you remove readonly/ from the file names are required for submission then the notebook might no longer run in the lab environment (unless you manually copy the file from the readonly folder).